{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red16\green16\blue16;\red236\green234\blue224;\red46\green47\blue44;\red249\green248\blue242;\red96\green95\blue89;
\red206\green98\blue70;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;\cssrgb\c94118\c93333\c90196;\cssrgb\c23922\c23922\c22745;\cssrgb\c98039\c97647\c96078;\cssrgb\c45098\c44706\c42353;
\cssrgb\c85098\c46667\c34118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Vizro dashboard using these two datasets:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stichbury/vizro_projects/blob/main/songs/people-minus-baby.csv"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://github.com/stichbury/vizro_projects/blob/main/songs/people-minus-baby.csv}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/the-pudding/data/blob/master/names-in-songs/onlyNames.csv"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://github.com/the-pudding/data/blob/master/names-in-songs/onlyNames.csv}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Layout: Two charts side by side on top, one full-width chart below. Set row height to 400px.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Chart 1 (top left): "Top 15 most popular names in songs since 1958"
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stacked bubble chart showing the 15 names that appear in the most different songs\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each bubble = one song, stacked vertically by name\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hover shows name, song, artist, year\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Chart 2 (top right): "Top 15 most common names (in the US since the 1950's) and occurrence in song lyrics"
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Identical bubble style to Chart 1\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Uses the 15 names with highest count values from onlyNames.csv\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shows all songs from people-minus-baby.csv containing these names\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hover shows name, song, artist, year\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Chart 3 (bottom): "Names in songs that ranked in the top 10 of the US Billboard Hot 100 by year"
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scatter plot: year vs ranking (1-10 only)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inverted y-axis (rank 1 at top)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add vertical dashed lines for each year\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hover shows name, song, AND artist\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Y-axis label: "Top 10"\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Y-axis ticks: only show 1, 3, 5, 7, 9\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Remove all legends and colorbars completely\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Use Vizro dark theme, dashboard title "Music Names Dashboard".
\f1\b0 "\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\
Here's some data https://github.com/stichbury/vizro_projects/blob/main/songs/people-minus-baby.csv and I want you to use Vizro-MCP to build a dashboard to represent it.\'a0 Pay attention to the layout to make best use of the screen real estate while fitting in the viewport.\
\
The first chart on the dashboard should be a histogram to show the top 20 most popular names (popularity is that they are used in the greatest number of songs). Put the names on the x axis and the number of different songs on the y axis and order them in decreasing order of popularity. Aim to make the histogram as professional and attractive as possible using different colours and use Vizro\'92s built in design.\
\
The next chart on the dashboard should be a scatter plot with each year on the x axis, in ascending order. Show the names that scored 1-20 in highestRank for that year, y axis is the rank with 20 at the bottom and 1 at the top. Mark the y axis as \'93Ranking in Billboard Top 100\'94 and each point should have a rollover to show the name and song only. Again, use Vizro\'92s design.\
\
The final chart on the dashboard will need you to access https://github.com/the-pudding/data/blob/master/names-in-songs/onlyNames.csv to determine the 10 most common names (highest values of count). For each of these names, I want you to plot the names of the songs that contain them. I don\'92t know the best Vizro chart for this: it could be a bubble map or heatmap perhaps?\
\
REVISION\
\
Let\'92s remove the subtitle \'93Songs and Names Analysis since that just takes us space\'94\
For the first chart, let\'92s just use the top 15 most popular names. How can we also profesionally show the data for each song that references the name? Can you try plotting as a bubble chart instead of a histogram, with stacked bubbles for each song for each name?\
\
For the second chart, can you show just names scoring 1-10 in highestRank?\
\
For the third chart, remove the song titles on the y axis. And order of the x axis so the most popular name (highest value of count) comes first, followed by second most popular etc\'85\
\
REVISION\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs22\fsmilli11250 \cf5 \cb6 The bubble chart really doesn't look right. You've only plotted one song for each name! Instead, for each name, there should be a complete set of bubbles stacked on the y axis, with one for each song that mentions that name. The second chart is OK but can you show a vertical line for each year. The third chart is broken now. The original chart in the first draft was fine, I just wanted you to clear the text of the x axis, so please revert to that version.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf7 \cb8 Refining bubble chart and adding year lines\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 0s\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs21 \cf7 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.anthropic.com/en/articles/8525154-claude-is-providing-incorrect-or-misleading-responses-what-s-going-on"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs18 \cf9 \cb8 Claude can make mistakes.\'a0Please double-check responses.}}
\fs18 \cf9 \
}